
# git-object

  Simple library to retrieve git objects from a repository.

## Usage

  To retrieve a blob from a git repository use the following:

  ```js
  var git = require('git-object');

  // retrieve a blob

  git('.', 'master', 'index.js', function(err, object){
    if (err) return console.log(err);  // fail
    if (object instanceof git.Blob) {

      // create read stream an use it

      object.createReadStream().pipe(process.stdout);
    } else {
      console.log('not a blob');
    }
  });
  ```

  Reading of a tree is just as simple as this:

  ```js
  // retrieve a tree

  git('.', 'master', 'lib/', function(err, object){
    if (err) return console.log(err);  // fail
    if (object instanceof git.Tree) {
      object.contents(function(err, contents){
        if (err) return done(err);
        contents.should.eql([
          'git-object.js'
        ]);
        done();
      });
    } else {
      console.log('not a tree');
    }
  });
  ```

## API

### Blob

  This is the class which is generated by reading a blob.

#### .createReadStream()

  Create a stream to the object.  This stream is then returned.

### Tree

#### .contents()

  Returns the filenames of the tree as array.

## License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2013 Dominik Burgdörfer &lt;dominik.burgdoerfer@mikanda.de&gt;

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
